it is now time for the first talk show
interview in our space between Jimmy
Kimmel and Ryan gasoline who is very
very sexy here we go three two one space
very bumpy huh getting up here yeah yeah
it's 200 miles above Earth so a ship or
a capsule that we're in right now these
are the questions oh yeah I bring you
all the way up to space I got a no it's
a capsule it's a capsule yeah okay
can this thing fly on its own or does it
have to be attached to that big rocket
column it's gonna be attached to the guy
yeah it does you know how long would we
be in this thing if we really were like
spending a long time in space going on a
mission
well we are yeah oh yeah I mean by we
are now that were on right now how long
is rattling at 17,000 miles per hour
oh my god that's bad we could be in here
for I don't know two weeks two weeks
yeah no we're real two weeks
yeah like the conversation is a little
better than we did in this capsule for
two weeks no not Neil but the the
mission before a Gemini 7 I think they
were in for for about two weeks they saw
400 sunsets is there in fact a bathroom
in here that I don't know about like
where did they go
I mean you're sitting in yeah wouldn't
it reach like you're like mouths
eventually wouldn't it fill up let's go
back down
[Laughter]
and there for a minute you've already
taken it into the toilet are there laws
in space for example like if a couple of
guys were up in space for two weeks time
let's say legally could they get married
up there
Wow it's Rory up there if they were in
love they're in love
okay well that's what you can't throw
rice it's an aster
yeah it's George Clooney that's pretty
exciting I would imagine though every
celebrity's space this is really a lot
of fun yeah yeah why is it so dark in
space it's the endless mystery of space
I say oh it's a mystery it's a it's just
filled with look at the mystery
[Music]
but something they could do in a mystery
just look at the infinite oh look at
that
what's something that you learned making
this movie that was a great fact that
you did not know before making it about
astronauts or whatever the well you know
tank but tank didn't know about the time
do you think tang is gonna make a
comeback after this thing I hope so yeah
I hope so
did you have any tag no tang no pain no
I went all the way to space and I didn't
even get anything I don't know how the
hell you make the movie about going into
space without a tank but that's on you
like that
no but they had enormous personal
sacrifices them and their families and
it was it's an incredible you know I'm
sorry let's just talk about the tank
this I will say I have just sitting in
this for four minutes or whatever it's
been I have an enormous amount of
respect for these astronauts who went up
into space it's incredible hang or not
it really you know is even a bigger hero
the actors who play those ashes right
first on October 12th thank you so much
for taking me at this base commander
Gosling if you like that video click
Subscribe and we'll be together until
one of us dies